Add equations for gray radiation (#330)
CliMA/RRTMGP.jl: docs/src/Optics.md

# RRTMGP Optics

`compute_optical_props!` computes the optical properties and source functions of an atmospheric state. For the two-stream approximation, the optical properties include the optical depth (``\tau``), single-scattering albedo (``\omega_0``), and asymmetry parameter (``g``).

## Gray atmosphere optics

> The gray atmosphere is an approximation of the radiative properties of the atmosphere based on the assumption that the optical property is independent of wavelength. The default optical property for gray atmosphere is different for longwave and shortwave radiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gray atmosphere (more precisely, semi-gray atmosphere) is an approximation of the radiative properties of the atmosphere that assumes the optical properties are independent of wavelength, separately in the longwave and shortwave bands. 
```

### Longwave

The optical depth for longwave radiation follows [schneider2004](@cite):

```math
\begin{align}

> \tau = (\alpha d_0 (\frac{p}{p_0})^\alpha / p) \Delta p

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\tau = \alpha d_0 \left(\frac{p}{p_0}\right)^\alpha \frac{\Delta p}{p} .
```
(I don't fully understand this expression. Why is there \Delta p/p here, and alpha out front? It shouldn't be there if it's optical depth, I think. Maybe you want this to be a layerwise transmissivity?)

\end{align}
```

> where ``\alpha = 3.5`` controls the lapse rate of the troposphere. ``p`` is the pressure of the atmosphere layer and ``p_0 = 1000~\mathrm{hPa}`` is the reference pressure. ``\Delta p`` is the pressure thickness of the atmosphere layer. ``d_0`` is calculated from the radiative equilibrium temperature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, ``\alpha``  is ratio of the pressure scale height to the partial-pressure scale height of the infrared absorber (``\alpha=3.5`` for water vapor); ``p`` is the pressure of the atmosphere layer, and ``p_0 = 1000~\mathrm{hPa}`` is the reference pressure; ``\Delta p`` is the pressure thickness of an atmosphere layer; and the optical depth at ``p_0``, ``d_0``, is calculated from the radiative equilibrium temperature:
```

> 

Reviewer: Make clear d_0 depends on latitude.

```math
\begin{align}

> T_s = T_e + \Delta T (\frac{1}{3} - sin^2\phi) //

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T_s = T_e + \Delta T \left(\frac{1}{3} - \sin^2\phi\right) \\
```
This is hard to read. Break the line after T_s.

> d_0 = (\frac{T_s}{T_t})^4 - 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
d_0 = \left(\frac{T_s}{T_t}\right)^4 - 1.
```

\end{align}
```

> where ``T_e`` is the global mean surface temperature, ``T_t`` is the temperature at the top of the atmosphere, and ``\Delta T`` is the equator-to-pole temperature difference in radiative equilibrium. The default values are ``T_e = 300~\mathrm{K}``, ``T_t = 200~\mathrm{K}``, and ``\Delta T = 60~\mathrm{K}``. ``\phi`` is the latitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, ``T_e`` is the global mean surface temperature in radiative equilibrium, ``T_t`` is the temperature at the top of the atmosphere, and ``\Delta T`` is the equator-to-pole temperature difference in radiative equilibrium. The default values are ``T_e = 300~\mathrm{K}``, ``T_t = 200~\mathrm{K}``, and ``\Delta T = 60~\mathrm{K}``. ``\phi`` is the latitude.
```
Move \phi for latitude up to make clear d_0 depends on it.

The source function for longwave radiation is calculated as ``S = \sigma T^4 / \pi``, where ``T`` is the air temperature and ``\sigma`` is the Stefan–Boltzmann constant.

### Shortwave

> The optical depth for shortwave radiation is calculated as:

Reviewer: Same as above. This doesn't look like an optical depth.

# RRTMGP Optics

`compute_optical_props!` computes the optical properties and source functions given an atmospheric state. For the two-stream approximation, the optical properties include the optical thickness of the atmosphere layer (``\tau``), single-scattering albedo (``\omega_0``), and asymmetry parameter (``g``).

## Gray atmosphere optics

> The gray atmosphere (more precisely, semi-gray atmosphere) is an approximation of the radiative properties of the atmosphere that assumes the optical properties are independent of wavelength, separately in the longwave and shortwave bands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gray atmosphere (more precisely, semi-gray atmosphere) approximates the radiative properties of the atmosphere by taking the optical properties to be independent of wavelength, separately in the longwave and shortwave bands. 
```

### Longwave

The optical depth (``d``) for longwave radiation follows [schneider2004](@cite):

```math
\begin{align}
d(\phi, p) = d_0(\phi) (\frac{p}{p_0})^\alpha
\end{align}
```

> Here, ``\alpha``  is ratio of the pressure scale height to the partial-pressure scale height of the infrared absorber (``\alpha=3.5`` for water vapor); ``\phi`` is the latitude; ``p`` is the pressure of the atmosphere layer, and ``p_0 = 1000~\mathrm{hPa}`` is the reference pressure; and the optical depth at ``\phi`` and ``p_0``, ``d_0``, is calculated from the latitude-dependent radiative equilibrium temperature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, ``\alpha``  is ratio of the pressure scale height to the partial-pressure scale height of the infrared absorber (``\alpha=3.5`` for water vapor); ``\phi`` is the latitude; ``p`` is the pressure, and ``p_0 = 1000~\mathrm{hPa}`` is the reference pressure. The optical depth at ``\phi`` and ``p_0``, ``d_0``, is calculated from the latitude-dependent radiative equilibrium temperature ``T_s(\phi)``:
```

```math
\begin{align}
T_s(\phi) = T_e + \Delta T \left(\frac{1}{3} - \sin^2\phi\right) \\
d_0(\phi) = \left(\frac{T_s(\phi)}{T_t}\right)^4 - 1.
\end{align}
```

> Here, ``T_e`` is the global mean surface temperature in radiative equilibrium, ``T_t`` is the temperature at the top of the atmosphere, and ``\Delta T`` is the equator-to-pole temperature difference in radiative equilibrium. The default values are ``T_e = 300~\mathrm{K}``, ``T_t = 200~\mathrm{K}``, and ``\Delta T = 60~\mathrm{K}``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, ``T_e`` is the global-mean surface temperature in radiative equilibrium, ``T_t`` is the temperature at the top of the atmosphere, and ``\Delta T`` is the equator-to-pole temperature difference in radiative equilibrium. The default values are ``T_e = 300~\mathrm{K}``, ``T_t = 200~\mathrm{K}``, and ``\Delta T = 60~\mathrm{K}``.
```

> The optical thickness of the atmosphere layer (the differential optical depth) is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optical thickness of an atmosphere layer (the differential optical depth) of pressure thickness ``\Delta p`` is
```

```math
\begin{align}

> \tau = \alpha d_0 \left(\frac{p}{p_0}\right)^\alpha \frac{\Delta p}{p}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\tau = \alpha d_0 \left(\frac{p}{p_0}\right)^\alpha \frac{\Delta p}{p}.
```

\end{align}
```

> where ``\Delta p`` is the pressure thickness of the atmosphere layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The source function for longwave radiation is calculated as ``S = \sigma T^4 / \pi``, where ``T`` is the air temperature and ``\sigma`` is the Stefan–Boltzmann constant.

### Shortwave

> The optical depth (``d``) for shortwave radiation follows [ogorman2008](@cite):

Reviewer: I think this was also in Frierson & Held (2006 or 2007). Can you please check and add the reference if needed?

Author: Frierson (2007) has a shortwave optical depth, but the exact formulation is different from what we have here. In his paper `\tau = \tau_0 (p/p_0)^4`.

```math
\begin{align}
d(p) = \tau_0 \left(\frac{p}{p_0}\right)^2
\end{align}
```

where ``p`` is the pressure of the atmosphere layer and ``p_0 = 1000~\mathrm{hPa}`` is the reference pressure. The default value for ``\tau_0`` is 0.22. 

> The optical thickness of the atmosphere layer is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The differential optical thickness of an atmosphere layer of pressure thickness ``\Delta p`` is
```

```math
\begin{align}

> \tau(p) = 2 \tau_0 \frac{p}{p_0} \frac{\Delta p}{p_0}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\tau(p) = 2 \tau_0 \frac{p}{p_0} \frac{\Delta p}{p_0}.
```

\end{align}
```

> where ``\Delta p`` is the pressure thickness of the atmosphere layer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
